Serenna Beers: Are you there.
Serenna Beers: Good morning.
Kennerh Blaine: Good morning.
How are you today.
Kennerh Blaine: Oh, I am very anxious and frustrated and
Serenna Beers: How come
We're
Kennerh Blaine: Well, trying to get the last few things down before we go.
Kennerh Blaine: On on our houseboat today.
Serenna Beers: Oh that's right for that anniversary
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah, doing laundry doing dishes.
Kennerh Blaine: Back in the boat back in the car.
Serenna Beers: Well, thank goodness. This isn't like a huge assessment. So this, this should take take us about 20 minutes
Kennerh Blaine: Okay.
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah, and I went to quest this morning.
Kennerh Blaine: Uh huh. And they did not have an order for me. So the, the lady that I just got off with
Kennerh Blaine: The beginning, lady. She said she was going to
Serenna Beers: End the virtual clinic order.
Okay.
Kennerh Blaine: Yes.
Kennerh Blaine: What show was this for a medical tests.
Kennerh Blaine: Were yeah
Kennerh Blaine: I, I don't know. It just said I needed.
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah, yeah. The doctor when I first met her, and then in the email I got from her and said, I need to do a blood test in the urine test.
Serenna Beers: Okay, well, I will look into that. I'll follow up just in case.
Serenna Beers: Because once you and I meet to for our bio psychosocial then what I would like to do is have a standing weekly appointment with you where you and I, we
Serenna Beers: We go to
Serenna Beers: Counseling one to one, because a group is good, but also one one to one is good as well.
Serenna Beers: All right, well, let's see if I can get going on this so I can get you started. And and get you going on the rest of your day and I really do hope you have just a wonderful time and you leave all the stress behind you.
Kennerh Blaine: You know we are
Serenna Beers: So good. Alright, so we'll just get to it. How about why don't you tell me what brought you to bright heart health, and why now.
Kennerh Blaine: I'm trying to get my phone.
Kennerh Blaine: Volumes off. Okay. Um, what brought me to bright heart.
Kennerh Blaine: As
Kennerh Blaine: Well, actually, what got me looking for a facility that a doctor because I'd went into a detox.
Kennerh Blaine: February 29 98 a week.
Kennerh Blaine: And then leaving. They started me on Suboxone and leaving there.
Kennerh Blaine: They said my county should follow up with it. And so anyways we we did they have a pilot program. They're trying to start, but it's not up and running. And so I ended up over in the hospital.
Kennerh Blaine: With with girls real bad ones and then also come to find out. I had a
Kennerh Blaine: My potassium was through the roof.
Kennerh Blaine: And so I spent a week in the hospital and
Kennerh Blaine: And I met a gentleman by the name of Jake Miller and his job is c'est Sep
Kennerh Blaine: His job is to
Kennerh Blaine: Determine whether or not substance.
Kennerh Blaine: Coordinator.
Kennerh Blaine: And so he had been working with the doctor and then lo that was able to prescribe the Suboxone and in that meantime my case manager was looking into other options and then Braveheart came up
Kennerh Blaine: And so then my wife helped me get in and answer the questions and go from there. Because I can do this virtual stuff.
Kennerh Blaine: And right now I
Kennerh Blaine: Real emergency. I don't really want to go to a doctor.
Yeah.
Kennerh Blaine: So,
Kennerh Blaine: So here we are. So my first was, you know, I had my first group. Dr.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm.
Serenna Beers: So you've been with us for what just just about a couple of weeks now. Right.
Kennerh Blaine: Correct.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Well, tell me your story with substances and I mean like when were you first exposed how how had it progressed and then when, when was it the worst for you. Were you were you realize, wow, I am in trouble here and I probably need some help.
Kennerh Blaine: Um, well. My story starts at a very, very early age.
Kennerh Blaine: Of course, we're always allowed to sip, you know, Mom and Dad's beer. And then also, you know, TV, he did rum.
Kennerh Blaine: When you're teasing. So, and then
Kennerh Blaine: My dad was a lifer in the Navy through Korean
Kennerh Blaine: And so when my
Kennerh Blaine: About half of my early childhood. My father was over fight in war, and so
Kennerh Blaine: I'm
Kennerh Blaine: In my parents got in a huge real bad fight when I was six.
Kennerh Blaine: And we went live with some family, friends and
Kennerh Blaine: The father over there used to take me
Kennerh Blaine: On motorcycle rallies.
Kennerh Blaine: Patches rallies and his son did not like that. And he hated me for it. So he would molest me that went on for six years until we moved out of Southern California. And so I started smoking pot.
Kennerh Blaine: At six
Kennerh Blaine: As he would, he would give it to me to find it. Call me down and
Kennerh Blaine: Then at nine his older brother came back from Vietnam.
Kennerh Blaine: And was addicted to heroin and so I told him I wanted to try it. So I did, and I fell in love with it and so
Serenna Beers: I shot heroin.
Serenna Beers: At age 12
Kennerh Blaine: Years.
Serenna Beers: Nine. Okay, at age nine, wow. Goodness sakes. Now do you go by Kenny or Kenneth
Kennerh Blaine: I go by, Jenny.
Serenna Beers: Okay, I just wanted to call you by what you like to be called the, you know, I didn't know if Kenneth was formal. Okay. Wow. I was just gonna say, Kenny. That's, that's an awfully young age. God bless you, and you did this for 20 years
Kennerh Blaine: You
Kennerh Blaine: Can July 24 1989 um
Kennerh Blaine: I went into cash Creek and woodland your house out in the country.
Kennerh Blaine: And
Kennerh Blaine: I haven't touched heroin or alcohol.
Kennerh Blaine: Since that day in 2001 I hurt my back in May and destroyed T three, four and five vertebrae. And so then
Kennerh Blaine: Started on
Kennerh Blaine: Norco and soma.
Kennerh Blaine: And I did real good with it for, you know, a couple of years.
Kennerh Blaine: Mm hmm. And I'm
Kennerh Blaine: Because I was getting chiropractor and massages and acupuncture and physical therapy, all that was being supplied by Workman's Comp and they stopped supplying it they said they was not going to
Kennerh Blaine: Pay for any more that stuff.
Serenna Beers: And so they
Kennerh Blaine: Just went
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah.
Kennerh Blaine: All they would pay for his direct
Kennerh Blaine: And so
Kennerh Blaine: It went
Kennerh Blaine: And no other relief, other than the drugs.
Serenna Beers: So,
Kennerh Blaine: I
Kennerh Blaine: Got in that cycle of
Kennerh Blaine: The more I do, the more I hurt and more I hurt. The more I take the more I take the more I do because drugs are masking the pain and that whole virtual cycle.
Kennerh Blaine: Mm hmm. And
Kennerh Blaine: I tried to detox off opiates, a couple of times.
Serenna Beers: By myself.
Kennerh Blaine: And that just. That was horrible.
Kennerh Blaine: The amount of Norco I was taking was
Kennerh Blaine: What a way off the charts.
Serenna Beers: What do you remember what it was that you were in
Serenna Beers: jesting on a daily basis.
Kennerh Blaine: Ah, well I was doing I was getting 112 pills from my doctor for a month and I am it go through those in a week. And then I had found some other sources.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm.
Kennerh Blaine: And I always get 120 and 250 and
Kennerh Blaine: The last time.
Kennerh Blaine: I was sinking into a horrible depression. So yeah, I see a counselor here and Glenn County. Her name is Gabby and I also have a case manager, whose name is john
Kennerh Blaine: And I've been talking to Gabby for a little while about the medication.
Kennerh Blaine: I'm right in the middle of remodeling, my parents house.
Kennerh Blaine: Mm hmm. And so I was really overdoing it.
Kennerh Blaine: And show me in that cycle, you know,
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah, I just started taking handfuls of them I was taking 10 at a time.
Kennerh Blaine: And then
Kennerh Blaine: It got extremely bad
Kennerh Blaine: And so
Kennerh Blaine: I needed to do something.
Kennerh Blaine: With
Kennerh Blaine: My case managers help. We found a valley Recovery Center in Sacramento.
Kennerh Blaine: And I went there for five days for detox.
Serenna Beers: I'm familiar with, with them. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Um, so since then.
Huh.
Kennerh Blaine: I haven't been taken any of the Norco I I've been on Suboxone
Kennerh Blaine: And that really helps with the cravings and it even helps with the pain.
So, sir.
Serenna Beers: Um, have you received any type of education on exactly what Suboxone does inside of your body or anything like like that.
Kennerh Blaine: No, not really. I Greg a couple little you know things online.
Serenna Beers: Sir, good. As long as they're a are there a credible source and and I can't really go into that with you because I'm not a doctor. I mean, you know, I'm
Serenna Beers: A therapist and and I understand, but I also don't want to operate outside my scope, but I think it would really
Serenna Beers: Right behoove you to, you know, understand, I mean it. It does work for pain as well as it does help with cravings.
Serenna Beers: And so that would just, you know, be be great because, as you know, knowledge is power, so the more that you understand why it works. The more your brain will tell it, it's that much more effective. It's kind of like this little mind game that we play with our own self.
Serenna Beers: More we believe it sure that it works. So, so I'm just, I just wanted to throw that out there. You, you mentioned chronic pain. What was there a precipitating event where the chronic pain started or was it the chronic pain associated with long term use of the opiates.
Kennerh Blaine: No. Well, um, I injured my back and I'm
Kennerh Blaine: May of 2001
Kennerh Blaine: Okay, I worked for damn accounting public works.
And
Kennerh Blaine: We were packed in the road and we come around a corner and there was a house on fire and so
Kennerh Blaine: We stop there and there is literally every mentally retarded guy that would come to the front door and then run back into the house. I couldn't cope team out the door.
Kennerh Blaine: So about the third time, and the flames are just become any minutes
Kennerh Blaine: I just knocked him out and did a fireman carry over my over my shoulders and as we were going
Kennerh Blaine: off the porch. They had car seats on their for
Kennerh Blaine: Their front porch lounge chairs and that was melting and I hit part of that and lost my balance and I threw him off and
Kennerh Blaine: Then I went off the porch, and it was instant it was instant that
Kennerh Blaine: Was excruciating.
Serenna Beers: Oh my goodness.
Kennerh Blaine: I am. I know it's
Kennerh Blaine: Part of me wishes. I could go back to that day, because I just wouldn't have done nothing
Kennerh Blaine: Me because they fired me 10 account again.
Kennerh Blaine: It was a battle to get my workman's comp. It was two years in court.
Kennerh Blaine: Until we finally got a decent judge that you know told the
Kennerh Blaine: Damn accounting. Yeah, I don't know what part of this.
Kennerh Blaine: Worker Hannah county employee helping it to him. A COUNTY RESIDENT
Kennerh Blaine: You don't get would be in the scope of his duties. So anyways,
Kennerh Blaine: I
Kennerh Blaine: Wow, finding one
Serenna Beers: Well, that's good.
Serenna Beers: Um,
Serenna Beers: So you mentioned that you you went to Valley are. Is there any other prior history of either substance abuse or mental mental health.
Kennerh Blaine: Yes, I'm
Kennerh Blaine: Two years ago, August 13 I went down to
Kennerh Blaine: Inpatient mental mental facility in Sacramento Sierra. Sierra Vista. I think I
Kennerh Blaine: Was I was 51
Kennerh Blaine: And I went down there.
Kennerh Blaine: Okay. A week seven or eight
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: And what happened after you left that you just went back home and you follow whatever the directions were
Kennerh Blaine: Yes, I'm the doctor in there and changed my meds.
Kennerh Blaine: I see a tell us site guy dressed like we're doing here, man. And I've seen once a month. And so trying to get meds. Exactly right. Wasn't really working. So when I was in there.
Kennerh Blaine: That Dr. Really tweaked my medication and got me.
Kennerh Blaine: In a very good place. And so I I am continually trying to
Kennerh Blaine: Stay in that place.
Kennerh Blaine: Oh, good. I see. Gabby once a week.
Kennerh Blaine: And then I see john once a week.
Kennerh Blaine: And then Dean and I see
Kennerh Blaine: Couples counselor every other week.
Kennerh Blaine: Okay. And then we have a big focus group with a dean and I and both are counselors and both our project managers or case managers and then another facilitator.
Kennerh Blaine: To work on some of the problems were going through and hammy okay
Serenna Beers: Good about any
Serenna Beers: Suicidal ideation or homicidal ideation or have you ever tried to like harm.
Serenna Beers: harm yourself by means of either cutting or, you know, stuff like that.
Kennerh Blaine: You know, then excessive use of narcotics. No.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: What about growing up. What was your family like where you would adopted, did you have brothers or sisters were your parents to gather, are they together now.
Serenna Beers: And did anybody else in the home struggle with mental health or substance abuse, besides you or even food. Food issues or Gant gambling, any, any type of addictive.
Serenna Beers: Be
Serenna Beers: Be behaviors.
Kennerh Blaine: Um, yes.
Kennerh Blaine: I have both my original parents
Kennerh Blaine: And
Kennerh Blaine: Our home life except for a few times was really pretty good. I mean, we always had a roof over our head and food in our belly and and close. Like I said, my dad was
Kennerh Blaine: In the Vietnam War.
Kennerh Blaine: Mm hmm. So
Kennerh Blaine: you traveled a lot pretty high ranking non commissioned
Kennerh Blaine: No, not really. Um,
Kennerh Blaine: We were in Hawaii from when I was six weeks old, until I was three.
Kennerh Blaine: And then we came back to Long Beach. And then from there we went to San Diego and then from there we went to my dad was stationed in Alameda, but he wouldn't let us
Kennerh Blaine: Grow up in the Bay Area. So we were in Sacramento and he just commuted when he was on
Okay.
Kennerh Blaine: And so yeah, the whole family had my mom and dad.
Kennerh Blaine: Are celebrating 36 years of Alcoholics Anonymous on third this August and towards the end of the month.
Wow.
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah.
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah, that's pretty awesome.
Kennerh Blaine: They were
Kennerh Blaine: It is, I mean they worked both of them.
Kennerh Blaine: Mm hmm. You know, and never interfered with their work. They didn't during, during work you know as soon as they got off work, you know, they had a beer or two beers or 20 beers or
Uh huh.
Kennerh Blaine: And then my brother was also
Kennerh Blaine: Heavy into math and alcohol, he died.
Kennerh Blaine: I was three years ago.
Kennerh Blaine: cirrhosis of the liver. He'd been in and out of prison on numerous times.
Serenna Beers: Wow, okay.
Kennerh Blaine: See what other questions were there.
Serenna Beers: Um you answered, If you had the siblings, if your parents were together. If anybody else has struggled with mental health or substance abuse you answered all of that. What about
Serenna Beers: What was school like for for for for you. How, how far had you completed. Was there any learning disabilities that you struggled with.
Kennerh Blaine: Um,
Kennerh Blaine: Yes, there were learning disabilities but um you know in the 60s, they really didn't do a lot about that.
Kennerh Blaine: I know
Kennerh Blaine: I was continuously trouble on the
Serenna Beers: Continuous Lee.
Kennerh Blaine: And
Kennerh Blaine: When I turned 18 and 12th grade principal told me says one want one little incident can and you're out.
Kennerh Blaine: Well, when about a week after school started. And so I was asked to leave there.
Kennerh Blaine: And then back
Kennerh Blaine: And I did a stint in the army.
Kennerh Blaine: One three year tour.
All stateside
Kennerh Blaine: And still
Kennerh Blaine: Using real heavily
Kennerh Blaine: And then when I got
Kennerh Blaine: Clean
Kennerh Blaine: And Navy now nine when I got out of the facility. I did 90 days here.
Kennerh Blaine: My sponsor told me that I was going to do something.
Kennerh Blaine: Mm hmm. I didn't care what it was. I was going to do something either further my education, get a job, something that I wasn't just going to sit around and be a couch potato. So I went back to the continuation school
Kennerh Blaine: In willows, and in two years, I'd finished my high school diploma.
Kennerh Blaine: Where their diploma.
Kennerh Blaine: From there I went to Butte college and did their heavy equipment.
Kennerh Blaine: Course and I graduated, that also
Serenna Beers: Cool, so
Kennerh Blaine: Quite a bit of learning this I'm dyslexic.
Kennerh Blaine: Okay, I'm robot.
Kennerh Blaine: My spelling sucks.
Serenna Beers: I think that's for a lot
Kennerh Blaine: Of handwriting is very good.
Yeah.
Kennerh Blaine: So I'm
Kennerh Blaine: Like, but yeah. So my school
Serenna Beers: My next question was going to be. Had you ever served
Kennerh Blaine: When
Serenna Beers: You said you did your stand. Hi.
Serenna Beers: Wait a minute. Yes. Okay. What
Serenna Beers: You said wait a minute, I missed one question, where did it go oh events. You mentioned that for about, I think you said six years you you were molested
Serenna Beers: One of the questions is, was there any events that stood out to you, growing up. Besides that, and that's huge. Was there any other Ed any other events, growing up that really just stood out to you.
Kennerh Blaine: Events.
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah.
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah, seeing my dad, you know, having my dad leave for a year or 18 months, sometimes two years at a time.
Kennerh Blaine: Oh, goodness. But when he came home, he made up for it.
Kennerh Blaine: I mean,
Kennerh Blaine: We had all the birthdays and Christmases and all that and
Kennerh Blaine: When he came home.
Kennerh Blaine: You know truckloads pickup loads of stuff that he bought force.
Kennerh Blaine: Wow, but that didn't
Kennerh Blaine: Take away the fact that he wasn't there when I'm really needing
Sure.
Serenna Beers: So you mentioned that you're married, and you said, gosh, I'm gonna see if I can get this right 30 years
Serenna Beers: No no no 303. Where did I get 30
Serenna Beers: Um, and so, do you have any kids.
Kennerh Blaine: I am one
Kennerh Blaine: I'm biological he's in Wisconsin.
Kennerh Blaine: He's not worth the oxygen dandies breathing.
Kennerh Blaine: And then
Kennerh Blaine: There's two stepsons one doesn't talk to his mother at all. And then the youngest one calls me, Dad. Okay, so
Kennerh Blaine: So would you say
Serenna Beers: With your biological son is a strange
Serenna Beers: So you and him. Do you do you and him talk at all.
Kennerh Blaine: No, no, I cut that off a
Kennerh Blaine: Couple years ago.
Okay.
Kennerh Blaine: Him and his girlfriend and my grandson came out I gave him a vehicle as their vehicle broke down in Wisconsin.
Mm hmm.
Kennerh Blaine: And then the
Kennerh Blaine: four wheel drive. I gave them broke down on them.
Kennerh Blaine: Going back to Wisconsin, but
Kennerh Blaine: I bowling that you can't drive that thing over 55 or you're going to blow the motor
Kennerh Blaine: Hmm, pretty old civil Chevy
Kennerh Blaine: Small Chevy pickup for will drive
Serenna Beers: And so
Kennerh Blaine: Of course, he knows more. And so it burn blew it up.
Kennerh Blaine: And so then on
Kennerh Blaine: We had talked
Kennerh Blaine: When my son was 14 he molested, a friend of mines child in my house.
Serenna Beers: Oh, gosh.
Kennerh Blaine: So,
Kennerh Blaine: I had to fight the courts to punish him.
Kennerh Blaine: He came down from Washington, where the Washington Adult Protective Services taking from my his mother gave them to me and I mean the kid is screwed up. There's no you know he had had problems. His, His whole life. He was taken from me on his sixth birthday.
Kennerh Blaine: Because I wasn't doing very well at all.
So,
Kennerh Blaine: Anyways on Tumblr with me and it didn't last but about a month and he had molest that child in my house.
Kennerh Blaine: And Glenn County. Just wanted to shipping back to Washington state and Washington State said that they weren't going to get enough. And then, so I threw a fit.
Kennerh Blaine: Absolutely through fit to make them punishing. I mean, and so several times since then, I have tried to reconnect. I've tried to put that past, try not to think about
Kennerh Blaine: You know what he had done.
Kennerh Blaine: Mm hmm. And every time it is just doesn't
Kennerh Blaine: Doesn't work out.
Kennerh Blaine: And he as last time.
Kennerh Blaine: He was all pissed off at me because the vehicle. I gave them broke down. Well, I bought them.
Kennerh Blaine: AAA insurance before they left
Kennerh Blaine: And then when it broke down.
Kennerh Blaine: I rented them a U Haul
Kennerh Blaine: So they could
Kennerh Blaine: Get back home and get what stuff they had in that
Kennerh Blaine: You know, and the pickup.
Kennerh Blaine: And so anyways. He called one day and he just started read me the riot act and
Kennerh Blaine: I just laid into him. And so, Ben. He told me that the wrong Blaine died that I should have died, instead of my brother.
Kennerh Blaine: And
Kennerh Blaine: I was no longer
Kennerh Blaine: His dad.
Kennerh Blaine: So that's fine.
Kennerh Blaine: I'm okay with that. And I said, Do not try to contact your grandparents.
Kennerh Blaine: Because I've put a block on now.
Kennerh Blaine: And so
Kennerh Blaine: That was a year ago he keeps trying to go through my wife to get me to get you know reconnected with me and I'm
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah, I'm just, I'm just done.
Kennerh Blaine: So,
Kennerh Blaine: Wow, that sounds in in
Kennerh Blaine: Both my parents.
Painful
Kennerh Blaine: You know, it was the first several times. I was more mad. This last time didn't really hurt.
Mm hmm.
Kennerh Blaine: Because he had been coming out here for, I don't know, six or seven months on the pretense to help me with my mom. We were caring for my mom and. Well the truth is he was coming down here and buying pot and sending it back to Wisconsin making a fortune.
Ah,
Kennerh Blaine: So,
Oh boy.
Serenna Beers: That's another
Kennerh Blaine: Another irritate
But
Kennerh Blaine: And then
Serenna Beers: What about
Serenna Beers: Hmm.
Serenna Beers: Go ahead. Oh, I was just going to say, um, I, I just have a couple more questions with you and then you know as we continue to meet. We will spend time like that hour on specific subject like on a specific things that you need to to work through to process it wouldn't be like
Serenna Beers: I'm asking you questions so
Serenna Beers: Do you have any financial or legal issues that you have any concern about at all.
Kennerh Blaine: Well, I get Social Security and I get uppers and that equals right at $2,000
Kennerh Blaine: My wife doesn't happen in. Come on, three years ago. She had a biopsy taken off her breasts. And when they did that it
Kennerh Blaine: Clipped a nerve in her right arm and she can't hardly move in.
Kennerh Blaine: So we get by.
Kennerh Blaine: And I have, I take care of all my parents bills.
Kennerh Blaine: And so the plan is when we get my mom and dad's house down hopefully within the next month or so. Then we're going to move to close. So, and then fix my house up and my house should be worth some around 350 400,000
Serenna Beers: Oh, nice.
Kennerh Blaine: I got a five bedroom house on an acre out in the country.
Serenna Beers: Very nice.
Serenna Beers: Give me just real quickly. Let's just start with three specific things that you hope to get out of being here with with us, just like three three goals.
Kennerh Blaine: Um,
Kennerh Blaine: Well, the first goal.
Kennerh Blaine: Is to keep the cravings under control.
Mm hmm.
Kennerh Blaine: The second goal, um,
Kennerh Blaine: Is to help and enhance the work I'm doing with Gabby.
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah, and jump on
Today,
Kennerh Blaine: And then the third one is
Kennerh Blaine: Kenny wants to be a better Kenny.
Serenna Beers: Those are really great goals.
Serenna Beers: So what I want to do with you is if you wouldn't mind. Perhaps after you get back from your trip because you're going for a week. Right.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Right when mine.
Serenna Beers: Okay, perfect, perfect when you get back, give a call to the for virtual clinic and set up in individual with me because I won't be able to set it up in group because you won't be there and then from that appointment. Then we'll set our, our weekly one so that way you you know every single
Serenna Beers: Week. Okay.
Serenna Beers: What are set time
Serenna Beers: And day
Serenna Beers: How does that sound.
And
Kennerh Blaine: That's that sounds wonderful.
Kennerh Blaine: And I'm gonna do my best to be
Kennerh Blaine: At the Thursday meeting.
Kennerh Blaine: We're going to take our computer and then my wife says that if we have signals. She can use our phone as a hotspot.
Kennerh Blaine: Hmm, no, I'm gonna do my best.
Kennerh Blaine: Okay, do you mind vast to be
Kennerh Blaine: Your thirst.
Kennerh Blaine: Well, great thing I do do as I do not miss me. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Well, that's really good to hear. Because that says a lot about how much that you want it right i mean we really nothing in life if it's worth anything comes easy. We have to work for it. And this is you do do
Serenna Beers: The work. So I appreciate that.
Serenna Beers: Well, Kenny. I will get I will get you on your way. I hope you have a wonderful time. Please be be safe out there, take protective
Kennerh Blaine: Measures. If you're around anyone
Kennerh Blaine: And
Serenna Beers: I look forward
Serenna Beers: To meeting with you again.
Kennerh Blaine: Thank you.
Serenna Beers: All right. Thank you, have a wonderful time.
Kennerh Blaine: Bye bye.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Bye bye.
Kennerh Blaine: Thank you. Bye.